Refactor DM document- Part 1 (#7977)
pingcap/docs: dm/dm-hardware-and-software-requirements.md

>
> - In the production environment, it is not recommended to deploy and run DM-master and DM-worker on the same server, because when DM-worker writes data to disks, it might interfere with the use of disks by DM-master's high availability component.
> - If a performance issue occurs, you are recommended to modify the task configuration file according to the [Optimize Configuration of DM](/dm/dm-tune-configuration.md) document. If the performance is not effectively optimized by tuning the configuration file, you can try to upgrade the hardware of your server.

## Downstream storage space requirements

> The target TiKV cluster must have enough disk space to store the imported data. In addition to the [standard hardware requirements](/hardware-and-software-requirements.md), the storage space of the target TiKV cluster must be larger than **the size of the data source x the number of replicas x 2**. For example, if the cluster uses 3 replicas by default, the target TiKV cluster must have a storage space larger than 6 times the size of the data source. The formula has x 2 because:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The target TiKV cluster must have enough disk space to store the imported data. In addition to the [standard hardware requirements](/hardware-and-software-requirements.md), the storage space of the target TiKV cluster must be larger than **the size of the data source x the number of replicas x 2**. For example, if the cluster uses 3 replicas by default, the target TiKV cluster must have a storage space larger than 6 times the size of the data source. The formula has `x 2` because:
```

- Indexes might take extra space.
- RocksDB has a space amplification effect.

> It is difficult to calculate the exact data volume exported by Dumpling from MySQL. However, you can estimate the data volume by using the following SQL statement to summarize the data-length field in the information_schema.tables table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can estimate the data volume by using the following SQL statements to summarize the `data-length` field:
```

> Calculate the size of all schemas, in MiB. Replace ${schema_name} with your schema name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calculate the size of all schemas, in MiB. Replace `${schema_name}` with your schema name.
```

> ```sql
> select table_schema,sum(data_length)/1024/1024 as data_length,sum(index_length)/1024/1024 as index_length,sum(data_length+index_length)/1024/1024 as sum from information_schema.tables where table_schema = "${schema_name}" group by table_schema;
> ```
> 
> Calculate the size of the largest table, in MiB. Replace ${schema_name} with your schema name.
> 
> {{< copyable "sql" >}}
> 
> ```sql
> select table_name,table_schema,sum(data_length)/1024/1024 as data_length,sum(index_length)/1024/1024 as index_length,sum(data_length+index_length)/1024/1024 as sum from information_schema.tables where table_schema = "${schema_name}" group by table_name,table_schema order by sum  desc limit 5;
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
    {{< copyable "sql" >}}

    ```sql
    select table_schema,sum(data_length)/1024/1024 as data_length,sum(index_length)/1024/1024 as index_length,sum(data_length+index_length)/1024/1024 as sum from information_schema.tables where table_schema = "${schema_name}" group by table_schema;
    ```

- Calculate the size of the largest table, in MiB. Replace ${schema_name} with your schema name.

    {{< copyable "sql" >}}

    ```sql
    select table_name,table_schema,sum(data_length)/1024/1024 as data_length,sum(index_length)/1024/1024 as index_length,sum(data_length+index_length)/1024/1024 as sum from information_schema.tables where table_schema = "${schema_name}" group by table_name,table_schema order by sum  desc limit 5;
    ```
````
